Single source generation for `dev` (#1203)
kumahq/kuma-website: WRITING-DOCUMENTATION.md

The code uses trunk based development where `master` is the `trunk` branch.

A single sourced folder in [app/_src](app/_src) is used for each version of Kuma. We use a Jekyll plugin to dynamically generate pages from a single source file.

For the future non-patch versions of Kuma, changes can be made to the [docs_nav_kuma_dev.yml](app/_data/docs_nav_kuma_dev.yml) file. 

## Writing docs for a new feature

If you are writing docs for a new feature you'll want to add it in the [src](app/_src) folder.

> Since content is single sourced, you must use [conditional rendering](link_to_cond_rendering) to ensure that the new feature content only displays for that version. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since content is single sourced, you must use [conditional rendering](https://docs.konghq.com/contributing/conditional-rendering/) to ensure that the new feature content only displays for that version. For example:
```

> Since content is single sourced, you must use [conditional rendering](https://docs.konghq.com/contributing/conditional-rendering/) to ensure that the new feature content only displays for that version. For example:

Reviewer 2: How do we make sure a page is only displayed for version X? Is not including it in the `docs_nav_...` file enough? Like if someone mistakenly links to it somewhere else will it still work?

Reviewer 3: It will but then people would introduce a bug.

```

> {% if_version eq:2.1.x %}

Reviewer 3: Should this be `gt:2.1.x` ?

Reviewer: `eq` is correct. That means the version has to be equal to 2.1.x for the content to display. If we used `gte`, it would display for 2.1.x and later versions.

Reviewer 3: I believe it makes sense to use `gt` as we'd want the new feature also available in future version's docs, we usually don't put docs for just one version (except for behaviour that would be fixed later but that's fairly rare)?

Maybe just enumerating the options (linking to the external docs for syntax is enough) and let the writer pick what's best is what we should do here.

## Cutting a new release

> To cut the dev release, create a duplicate of the [docs_nav_kuma_dev.yml](app/_data/docs_nav_kuma_dev.yml) file and then rename one of the files to "docs_nav_kuma_[version].yml". Update the `release: dev` metadata in the new release file with the release version.

Reviewer 3: @Automaat FYI this is what you'll need to do to cut 2.1
